Linkfixes (#1957)
redis/redis-doc: docs/reference/patterns/twitter-clone.md

is to be a tutorial for Redis newcomers. You'll learn how to design a simple
data layout using Redis, and how to apply different data structures.

> Our Twitter clone, called Retwis, is structurally simple, has very good performance, and can be distributed among any number of web and Redis servers with little efforts. You can find the source code [here](http://code.google.com/p/redis/downloads/list).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our Twitter clone, called [Retwis](https://github.com/antirez/retwis), is structurally simple, has very good performance, and can be distributed among any number of web and Redis servers with little efforts. [View the Retwis source code](https://github.com/antirez/retwis).
```
